README.md, before:

# Incubazar - Trust-First Digital Incubator

A comprehensive digital investment and incubation platform connecting early-stage startup founders with angel investors in India. Built with regulatory compliance in mind, operating under Section 42 of the Companies Act 2013.

## 🚀 Features

### For Founders
- **Startup Profile Management**: Complete startup profile with industry sector, stage, and traction metrics
- **Deal Creation**: Create fundraising deals with customizable terms and investment ranges
- **Document Automation**: Automated generation of term sheets, PAS-4 forms, and e-signature workflows
- **Investor Tracking**: Track investor interest and manage the 200-investor limit compliance
- **RegTech Compliance**: Built-in compliance checks and automated document generation

### For Investors
- **KYC Verification**: Secure identity verification process
- **Deal Discovery**: AI-powered deal recommendations based on investment preferences
- **Portfolio Management**: Track investments and receive quarterly updates
- **Due Diligence Tools**: Platform scorecards and standardized reporting
- **Investment Preferences**: Set sector, stage, and ticket size preferences

### For Admins
- **Startup Curation**: Review and approve startup applications
- **User Management**: Manage founder and investor accounts
- **Analytics Dashboard**: Platform metrics and compliance monitoring
- **Scorecard Generation**: Create platform scorecards for deals

## 🛠 Technology Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 14, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, shadcn/ui
- **Backend**: Next.js API Routes, Server Actions
- **Database**: Supabase (PostgreSQL + Auth + Storage + Realtime)
- **AI/ML**: Python FastAPI microservice with scikit-learn
- **Document Generation**: PDF-lib, React-PDF, DocuSign API
- **Payments**: Razorpay integration
- **Deployment**: Vercel (Frontend) + Railway (AI Service)

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and npm
- Python 3.11+
- Supabase account
- DocuSign developer account
- Razorpay account

## 🚀 Quick Start

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/incubazar.git
cd incubazar
```

### 2. Install Dependencies

```bash
# Install frontend dependencies
npm install

# Install AI service dependencies
cd ai-service
pip install -r requirements.txt
cd ..
```

### 3. Environment Setup

Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory:

```env
# Supabase Configuration
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_project_url
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=your_supabase_service_role_key

# DocuSign Configuration
DOCUSIGN_CLIENT_ID=your_docusign_client_id
DOCUSIGN_CLIENT_SECRET=your_docusign_client_secret
DOCUSIGN_ACCOUNT_ID=your_docusign_account_id
DOCUSIGN_BASE_URL=https://demo.docusign.net/restapi

# Razorpay Configuration
RAZORPAY_KEY_ID=your_razorpay_key_id
RAZORPAY_KEY_SECRET=your_razorpay_key_secret
RAZORPAY_WEBHOOK_SECRET=your_razorpay_webhook_secret

# AI Service Configuration
AI_SERVICE_URL=http://localhost:8000
AI_SERVICE_API_KEY=your_ai_service_api_key

# App Configuration
NEXTAUTH_URL=http://localhost:3000
NEXTAUTH_SECRET=your_nextauth_secret
NODE_ENV=development
```

### 4. Database Setup

1. Create a new Supabase project
2. Run the database migrations:

```bash
# Install Supabase CLI
npm install -g supabase

# Initialize Supabase
supabase init

# Link to your project
supabase link --project-ref your-project-ref

# Run migrations
supabase db push
```

### 5. Start Development Servers

```bash
# Start the frontend (Terminal 1)
npm run dev

# Start the AI service (Terminal 2)
cd ai-service
uvicorn app.main:app --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000` to see the application.

## 🏗 Project Structure

```
incubazar/
├── app/                          # Next.js 14 App Router
│   ├── (auth)/                   # Authentication routes
│   ├── (founder)/                # Founder dashboard
│   ├── (investor)/               # Investor dashboard
│   ├── (admin)/                  # Admin panel
│   └── api/                      # API routes
├── components/                   # React components
│   ├── ui/                       # shadcn/ui components
│   ├── founder/                  # Founder-specific components
│   ├── investor/                 # Investor-specific components
│   └── shared/                   # Shared components
├── lib/                          # Utilities and configurations
│   ├── supabase/                 # Supabase client and types
│   ├── utils/                    # Helper functions
│   └── constants/                # App constants
├── supabase/                     # Database migrations
│   └── migrations/               # SQL migration files
├── ai-service/                   # Python AI microservice
│   ├── app/
│   │   ├── models/               # ML models
│   │   ├── services/             # Recommendation engine
│   │   └── main.py               # FastAPI application
│   └── requirements.txt
└── docs/                         # Documentation
```

## 🔒 Compliance & Security

### Regulatory Compliance
- **Section 42 Compliance**: Automatic enforcement of 200-investor limit per deal
- **Private Placement**: All deal information behind secure authentication
- **No Public Advertising**: No publicly accessible deal pages
- **Registered Users Only**: Verified users only can access deals

### Security Features
- **Row Level Security (RLS)**: Database-level access control
- **Authentication**: Supabase Auth with email verification
- **Data Encryption**: All sensitive data encrypted at rest and in transit
- **Input Validation**: Comprehensive input sanitization
- **Rate Limiting**: API rate limiting for security

## 🚀 Deployment

### Frontend (Vercel)

1. Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
2. Set environment variables in Vercel dashboard
3. Deploy automatically on push to main branch

### AI Service (Railway)

1. Connect your GitHub repository to Railway
2. Set environment variables in Railway dashboard
3. Deploy the `ai-service` directory

### Database (Supabase)

1. Create a production Supabase project
2. Run migrations in production
3. Configure RLS policies
4. Set up backup and monitoring

## 📊 Monitoring & Analytics

- **Application Monitoring**: Built-in error tracking and performance monitoring
- **Database Monitoring**: Supabase dashboard for database metrics
- **User Analytics**: Track user engagement and conversion metrics
- **Compliance Monitoring**: Automated compliance checks and reporting

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🆘 Support

For support, email support@incubazar.com or join our Slack channel.

## 🔮 Roadmap

### Phase 2: Mentorship Module
- Connect founders with experienced mentors
- Structured mentorship programs
- Progress tracking and feedback

### Phase 3: AIF Registration
- Transition to SEBI Category I AIF (Angel Fund)
- Fund pooling capabilities
- Syndicated investment management

### Phase 4: Secondary Market
- Liquidity solutions for investors
- Secondary market transactions
- Portfolio management tools

---

**Built with ❤️ for India's startup ecosystem**

Commit message:

feat: comprehensive SEO optimization & Supabase 406 error fix
✨ New Features:
- Add robots.txt with proper crawling rules
- Add dynamic sitemap.xml generation
- Add comprehensive metadata to all pages
- Add structured data (JSON-LD) for Organization & Website schemas
- Add viewport and theme color configuration
- Create SEO components for breadcrumbs and FAQ schemas

🎨 Branding Updates:
- Update tagline: 'We connect visionaries and help them turn ideas into investments'
- Remove 'incubator' positioning across all pages
- Update hero section, footer, and all metadata

�� Bug Fixes:
- Fix Supabase 406 errors by replacing .single() with .maybeSingle()
- Add proper null checks for user data queries
- Fix TypeScript errors in auth and settings pages
- Improve error handling in all admin pages

📊 SEO Improvements:
- Enhanced Open Graph tags with images, locale, siteName
- Added Twitter Card metadata
- Added canonical URLs
- Optimized meta descriptions (150-160 chars)
- Added Google Search Console verification placeholder
- Dashboard pages set to noindex (security)

📝 Documentation:
- Add SEO_AUDIT_AND_RECOMMENDATIONS.md (comprehensive guide)
- Add SEO_IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md (quick reference)
- Add BRANDING_UPDATE_SUMMARY.md (positioning guide)
- Add METADATA_IMPLEMENTATION.md (technical details)

🏗️ Architecture:
- Restructure dashboard layouts to support metadata (server + client pattern)
- Rename client layouts to separate files
- Create proper layout hierarchy for SEO

✅ Quality:
- All builds passing
- Zero TypeScript errors
- Zero linter errors
- 48 pages successfully generated

README.md, after:

# Incubazar - We Connect Visionaries

**We connect visionaries — and help them turn ideas into investments.**

A comprehensive platform connecting early-stage startup founders with angel investors in India. Built with regulatory compliance in mind, operating under Section 42 of the Companies Act 2013.

## 🚀 Features

### For Founders
- **Startup Profile Management**: Complete startup profile with industry sector, stage, and traction metrics
- **Deal Creation**: Create fundraising deals with customizable terms and investment ranges
- **Document Automation**: Automated generation of term sheets, PAS-4 forms, and e-signature workflows
- **Investor Tracking**: Track investor interest and manage the 200-investor limit compliance
- **RegTech Compliance**: Built-in compliance checks and automated document generation

### For Investors
- **KYC Verification**: Secure identity verification process
- **Deal Discovery**: AI-powered deal recommendations based on investment preferences
- **Portfolio Management**: Track investments and receive quarterly updates
- **Due Diligence Tools**: Platform scorecards and standardized reporting
- **Investment Preferences**: Set sector, stage, and ticket size preferences

### For Admins
- **Startup Curation**: Review and approve startup applications
- **User Management**: Manage founder and investor accounts
- **Analytics Dashboard**: Platform metrics and compliance monitoring
- **Scorecard Generation**: Create platform scorecards for deals

## 🛠 Technology Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 14, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, shadcn/ui
- **Backend**: Next.js API Routes, Server Actions
- **Database**: Supabase (PostgreSQL + Auth + Storage + Realtime)
- **AI/ML**: Python FastAPI microservice with scikit-learn
- **Document Generation**: PDF-lib, React-PDF, DocuSign API
- **Payments**: Razorpay integration
- **Deployment**: Vercel (Frontend) + Railway (AI Service)

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and npm
- Python 3.11+
- Supabase account
- DocuSign developer account
- Razorpay account

## 🚀 Quick Start

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/incubazar.git
cd incubazar
```

### 2. Install Dependencies

```bash
# Install frontend dependencies
npm install

# Install AI service dependencies
cd ai-service
pip install -r requirements.txt
cd ..
```

### 3. Environment Setup

Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory:

```env
# Supabase Configuration
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_project_url
NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=your_supabase_service_role_key

# DocuSign Configuration
DOCUSIGN_CLIENT_ID=your_docusign_client_id
DOCUSIGN_CLIENT_SECRET=your_docusign_client_secret
DOCUSIGN_ACCOUNT_ID=your_docusign_account_id
DOCUSIGN_BASE_URL=https://demo.docusign.net/restapi

# Razorpay Configuration
RAZORPAY_KEY_ID=your_razorpay_key_id
RAZORPAY_KEY_SECRET=your_razorpay_key_secret
RAZORPAY_WEBHOOK_SECRET=your_razorpay_webhook_secret

# AI Service Configuration
AI_SERVICE_URL=http://localhost:8000
AI_SERVICE_API_KEY=your_ai_service_api_key

# App Configuration
NEXTAUTH_URL=http://localhost:3000
NEXTAUTH_SECRET=your_nextauth_secret
NODE_ENV=development
```

### 4. Database Setup

1. Create a new Supabase project
2. Run the database migrations:

```bash
# Install Supabase CLI
npm install -g supabase

# Initialize Supabase
supabase init

# Link to your project
supabase link --project-ref your-project-ref

# Run migrations
supabase db push
```

### 5. Start Development Servers

```bash
# Start the frontend (Terminal 1)
npm run dev

# Start the AI service (Terminal 2)
cd ai-service
uvicorn app.main:app --reload --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000` to see the application.

## 🏗 Project Structure

```
incubazar/
├── app/                          # Next.js 14 App Router
│   ├── (auth)/                   # Authentication routes
│   ├── (founder)/                # Founder dashboard
│   ├── (investor)/               # Investor dashboard
│   ├── (admin)/                  # Admin panel
│   └── api/                      # API routes
├── components/                   # React components
│   ├── ui/                       # shadcn/ui components
│   ├── founder/                  # Founder-specific components
│   ├── investor/                 # Investor-specific components
│   └── shared/                   # Shared components
├── lib/                          # Utilities and configurations
│   ├── supabase/                 # Supabase client and types
│   ├── utils/                    # Helper functions
│   └── constants/                # App constants
├── supabase/                     # Database migrations
│   └── migrations/               # SQL migration files
├── ai-service/                   # Python AI microservice
│   ├── app/
│   │   ├── models/               # ML models
│   │   ├── services/             # Recommendation engine
│   │   └── main.py               # FastAPI application
│   └── requirements.txt
└── docs/                         # Documentation
```

## 🔒 Compliance & Security

### Regulatory Compliance
- **Section 42 Compliance**: Automatic enforcement of 200-investor limit per deal
- **Private Placement**: All deal information behind secure authentication
- **No Public Advertising**: No publicly accessible deal pages
- **Registered Users Only**: Verified users only can access deals

### Security Features
- **Row Level Security (RLS)**: Database-level access control
- **Authentication**: Supabase Auth with email verification
- **Data Encryption**: All sensitive data encrypted at rest and in transit
- **Input Validation**: Comprehensive input sanitization
- **Rate Limiting**: API rate limiting for security

## 🚀 Deployment

### Frontend (Vercel)

1. Connect your GitHub repository to Vercel
2. Set environment variables in Vercel dashboard
3. Deploy automatically on push to main branch

### AI Service (Railway)

1. Connect your GitHub repository to Railway
2. Set environment variables in Railway dashboard
3. Deploy the `ai-service` directory

### Database (Supabase)

1. Create a production Supabase project
2. Run migrations in production
3. Configure RLS policies
4. Set up backup and monitoring

## 📊 Monitoring & Analytics

- **Application Monitoring**: Built-in error tracking and performance monitoring
- **Database Monitoring**: Supabase dashboard for database metrics
- **User Analytics**: Track user engagement and conversion metrics
- **Compliance Monitoring**: Automated compliance checks and reporting

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🆘 Support

For support, email support@incubazar.com or join our Slack channel.

## 🔮 Roadmap

### Phase 2: Mentorship Module
- Connect founders with experienced mentors
- Structured mentorship programs
- Progress tracking and feedback

### Phase 3: AIF Registration
- Transition to SEBI Category I AIF (Angel Fund)
- Fund pooling capabilities
- Syndicated investment management

### Phase 4: Secondary Market
- Liquidity solutions for investors
- Secondary market transactions
- Portfolio management tools

---

**Built with ❤️ for India's startup ecosystem**
